# Deamer External

## Overview

Deamer External is a mainly MIT licensed library used by output generated by Deamer Project. The output Deamer CC generates requires a specific subset of Deamer CC, this subset is available via this library.

The idea of this library is to make licensing easier, all code available in this library doesn't depend on the main Deamer CC project. And is mostly licensed under MIT to allow the user to use any license for their license. Another purpose is to make projects easier to export, as new people don't require the complete project (Deamer Project) to be installed, this library is enough to compile generated compilers and ecosystems.

## How do I get and install Deamer External?

Just like the main project, Deamer External uses CMake for compilation. So make sure CMake is installed. See [here](https://cmake.org/install/) how to install cmake.

### Linux

Getting the source code:

```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Deruago/DeamerExternal
cd DeamerExternal
```

Making the build directory:

```bash
mkdir ./build
cd ./build
```

Building and installing the library:

```bash
cmake ..
cmake --build . --target install
```

### Windows

It is recommended to also install WSL, as Deamer CC uses WSL if you are on windows. If you already did this you can continue further.

Getting the source code:

```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Deruago/DeamerExternal
cd DeamerExternal
```

Making the build directory:

```bash
mkdir build
cd build
```

Building and installing the library:

```bash
cmake ..
cmake --build . --target install
```

## License

As stated earlier this library contains mostly MIT licensed code, without dependencies with Deamer CC. However this can change depending on your dependencies. This part will explain everything.

### Deamer CC core output dependencies

These will always be available as MIT licensed software.

### User custom created extensions (tools) to Deamer CC

As users can create their own custom extensions in Deamer CC. They may also choose what license they want for the output dependencies of their extensions. If they wish to choose other licenses they will put the different license in their extension directory.

### User custom created extensions (LPD's) to Deamer CC

All LPD's are under the default license used, this also counts for output dependencies of custom LPD's.

### I don't understand this! What does this mean for me?

As long as you work with the Deamer CC core code, there is nothing to fear. 

If you want to use extensions of other people make sure to look at the part: "tool licenses", here you can quickly see which license each tool uses.

### Tool output dependency Licenses

- Deamer CC core: MIT
- Deamer CC core extension: MIT

### FaQ

Q: What is Deamer CC output?

A: You can interact with Deamer CC in various ways, the most obvious one being creating a CompilerGenerator project with DLDL. This project when compiled and ran, will generate a compiler. This compiler is considered as "output", as Deamer CC generated it.